foreign this moment when you call the
anxiety for me
I didn't know at the time it just
triggered a different kind of
I guess leadership style that was a
little bit more like I'm gonna go jump
into that pit over there guys pretty
sure it's filled with steaks
I'm pretty sure I'm gonna get my ass
handed to me it's going to be at least
funny possibly dangerous
but if I live
come with me
welcome to the art of accomplishment
where we explore how deepening
connection with ourselves and others
leads to creating the life we want with
enjoyment and ease
foreign
everybody welcome back to the art of
accomplishment today I'm speaking with
Aunt Taylor
ant is the founder and CEO of Light how
are you doing today ants I'm well I'm
well it's great to be here that's
surreal to be here
having listened to your voice for a year
yeah it's real being here after seeing
you in the art of accomplishment and on
the zoom calls but never quite having
any face to face and this is really the
first time that we've I could say met
exactly and um I'm always it's all it's
always remarkable when Joe rattles off
your resume
um at the various badass [__] that
you've done I always want you guys to
like pull up for a second and talk about
like you're a little bit of a thrill
seeker right yeah I mean yeah a little
bit you could call it thrill seeker but
I it's really hard to say what I've been
seeking but that would be a podcast
about me and maybe we could do that
sometime but I really want to hear about
you and
tell me a little bit about about your
story just just introduce yourself to
our audience well I'm uh I'm the founder
of light I'm I aspire to be the CEO of
light it's a big part of why uh
I started doing the work with Joe
um
light is growing really quickly it's a
Live Events business it helps people get
to more shows and helps more shows
happen with a lot less risk and maybe
you guys have heard there's a little bit
of a pandemic on to navigate the Waters
of um of all of that treachery and keep
the business growing which you've been
able to do before that I had
um two previous startup experiences one
was a giant success one was a personal
failure but a good success for the for
the company but all in Tech all in
advertising technology in New York one
of the companies sold to Yahoo but the
other company sold to Oracle and uh and
before that I was in school in on the
East Coast I grew up in
um California in Berkeley
um but very much consider myself uh an
adopted son of New York City because
that's where I feel like I really came
of age
um and now I'm back living in California
uh working on all things light all the
time beautiful I heard you also played
basketball at Princeton you've
summoneded Mount Shasta and this is
something we have in common you once
scuba dive deeper than legally allowed
in the blue hole in Belize and as we
mentioned in the pre-call it turns out
that both of us did it for the same
reason
which was one dive partner getting
narked and sinking far deeper than
intended and needing to be rescued when
you get down to the Deep depths below
the Sharks into the darkness all the
beautiful things going on on the side
walls they've warned you about getting
marked but
uh it doesn't feel like you're you've
lost your mind
I think I was at like I'm forgetting it
now so if I'm exaggerating this please
forgive me Dive Master of Belize Blue
Hole uh but I want to say I was that
like it's like accept a little bit like
140 right and it will even then only
like
for five minutes I think I like found my
way down to 180 190 feet yeah okay that
was way deeper than we went that last 50
is uh I can't tell you for sure because
I was basically blackout drunk but I
want to say the emotional feeling of
that moment was uh it's pretty amazing
yeah well I'm glad you made it back and
also had the experience yeah and so I
wanted to get into today what is
something that has shifted for you over
the course of all of this journey
through you know diving and basketball
and all of this all these businesses
what's something that has shifted for
you personally that like personally in
your in your Consciousness that has just
shifted everything for your business I
think that the things that are different
um sort of daily in my life is a mixture
of
um I'm in my body a lot more I realize
that my brain is
um a fantastic survival tool
but when it comes to thriving
um maybe a little it can move a little
slower than I want it to move
so I'm I'm in my somatic system a lot
more I trust my intuition a lot more
I think I did the like the 20 to get the
80 benefit did the 2080 rule on uh
radical self-acceptance
and really understanding that the voice
in my head was
coming from a place of love
if misguided for all sorts of reasons
trauma and otherwise
ultimately coming from a place of love
and so getting to a place and really
accepting who I am
accepting uh
what that voice is telling me and you
know loving on it as it is trying to
love on me has changed sort of my my
daily practices and how I move through
the world and I think the the last piece
is just
um embracing really embracing my
emotions more
that's a constant [__] battle against
a lot of muscle memory the opposite
direction
um I was like a Class A avoider avoider
impresario like I could just all sorts
of tactics to get away from feeling
for much of my
much of my life but now with a lot more
reps
um really
um see the power of embracing all
flavors of emotion all the time
not just for the emotion of it but for
the truth this is behind it yeah if I
can try to kind of hone that down and
sharpen it a little bit it sounds like
you're describing having started from a
place of kind of living in your head and
in a mental space feeling so much
separate from your body feeling like
emotions are just kind of something that
happens that are meant to be managed or
sort of
you know put out of the way so that you
can continue to have your to meet your
goals
and
coming into a place of
embodiment feeling your body feeling
your emotions including feeling noticing
the voice in your head and just coming
into acceptance of all of your parts and
less dissociation
so so tell me a little bit about how
your life and your business looked prior
to having this recognition yeah the one
other thing I want to sound up before we
get to that question is there was no
Epiphany moment Carpe Diem let's stand
on the desk and scream and shout some
breakthrough moment
um in the work
uh it was much more of a series of
experiments and really kind of an ebb
and flow of intensity
that was just pushing ever wider pushing
me ever wider into sort of Undiscovered
Country and that that and that's sort of
sustained
maybe we'll talk at the end this summer
I've got I've labeled this summer The
Summer of resistance
because for whatever [__] reason this
summer I just started to just reject
like just push back on all and a lot of
old stories but different but news
stories
um that were keeping me from the word
but anyway just to say it's not it
wasn't a single point in time
breakthrough
my uh beloveds at light
um have coined an expression for
pre-work
uh that is simply ammo at 1.0 and I love
this because I discovered this moniker
kind of by accident when somebody kind
of just slipped out and slipped out in
like a meeting I was like oh I'm sorry
what's uh what the [__] is it 1.0 you
know again part of the part of the lies
our mind tells us is like nobody can see
that I'm out here avoiding the [__] out
of every emotion I have and nobody can
see that I'm managing myself and in my
head and nobody can see that this
anxiety is eating me from the inside out
and of course everybody can see it
everybody can feel it it's like the most
obvious thing in the world
the way I came to the work actually kind
of explains a lot about who I was at the
time and we have a 24 7 365 business in
some respects there couldn't be a worse
business for me to be in right our
events happen all the time
at night and we're building technology
by day
um to make those things work and it
happens all the time like when you go
home on Christmas vacation you're gonna
go see you know shows with family and
and so there's no real time to kind of
pull up
but luckily enough someone had come to
work with us
for only a brief time but
uh but she come on board Amy vernetti is
her name
and one day I'm like banging away at my
keyboard and she's she's like hey and
she's like a mile a minute kind of
person she's like hey do you want to
like 10x your your life do you want to
like be a [__] CEO like a [__]
game change CEO blah blah blah blah and
I don't even think I looked up from my
laptop I'm just like banging away I'm
like yeah of course that sounds amazing
just sign me up no thoughts
there's a perfect complexity in that
that moment like didn't have enough time
to pull up and ask like what what is
this who is this what do you mean 10x
10x what wow and that sounds a lot like
just
standard pushy marketing I don't know
like like what was she bringing you like
hey would you like to 10x your life and
increase your penis size and
away
I think I think
um yeah there was a tribe trust her but
like that that wasn't the point the
point was the disassociation for me was
even in the realm of like taking the
right steps to to Really
um hit another level of performance
personally and professionally
um there was a relative Detachment to uh
anything it was just like
I've described it as a feeling like I
was constantly sprinting across a
tightrope
destined to fall like you can't Sprint
across a tightrope something the wind
could be off like you lose focus
but there was just constantly this this
notion of like I'm gonna Sprint across
this tightrope as long as I don't look
back and as long as I don't acknowledge
there's no net below me I have the best
chance at getting within distance to
LEAP out and grab the ledge on the other
side
that was my Mo and obviously if that's
super reductive and obviously missed a
lot of of things so you know my 1.0 self
was
prone to a lot of anxiety really
terrible at Stress Management
um High performing High achieving No
Doubt but at Great cost
and the somatic feeling
well at the time there was no somatic
feeling let's just put that could make
that very clear except for the feeling
of stress and yeah but like nothing that
I like used as a dashboard right nothing
right I hardest I brought Joe in soon
thereafter actually before I started the
l12 work I needed to do some teen
cohesion work with my executive team and
uh there was nobody better at that
moment than than Joe
and I remember there was we were doing a
view exercise
and uh but one elected like really
Elementary stuff just like getting in
the flow of really understanding
um
wonder I think
and I'm sitting in the Middle with Alex
my head of engineering and light second
employee and he's kind of throwing me
softball oh he's trying to trigger me
that's what it was but he saw like just
throw me softballs and I'm in the middle
of the room and all my executives are
paired off around me just like randomly
it just sort of ended up that way
and Joe did his annoying thing where he
like Saddles up next to you and he's
like do you mind if I give it a go
bracing for it
[__] by the time of course I'm Brash I'm
like yeah dude whatever like shoot look
shoot your shot good luck and he kind of
leans in he's like your anxiety is gonna
kill your company
and everybody in this room knows it
yeah yeah yeah yeah
feel that [__] you can feel the [__]
the whole room was just like
a man was at the shot the one thing I'd
give myself credit credit for in all of
this is I was so starved for this kind
of this work like I was so ready to go
that for me that was a release
I think I might have started like
laughing because it was just so much
right like it was just like so let's
just Swan Dive into this [__] and stop
[__] around yeah we laugh when it
hurts too much to cry right yeah maybe
it was over that actually
God he was so full voiced about it so he
didn't whisper that right despite those
in the middle but anyway that was a lot
of the the the pre
pretty the work and look like some of
the symptoms for me the like the life
symptoms and I think I said to you the
prequel like for this call to uh
I'm still mining a lot of questions from
for like my personal relationships the
professional relationships is easier
because that's where I've done a lot of
the work
I think this the symptoms were pretty uh
evident like I have this feeling of
like something between a glass ceiling
and being bound to some floor of
achievements that I hadn't really broken
through I remember when I started light
I had such imposter syndrome coming out
of my last uh experience and really
really all my experiences professionally
because we had a lot of success some of
it felt earned a lot of it felt like not
earned in a weird way like it come too
easy
and there were a lot of things left kind
of unknown that I wanted to learn and so
when I started light I really wanted to
drive every nail
I wanted to learn every part of the
process of building a company
and so that had occupied my mental time
in a great way
but I still had a feeling of like being
sort of bound like there was some upper
limit of what I could achieve in the and
I couldn't put a finger on it like I
couldn't
I was like maybe I should have gone to
business school like my friends had done
or
you know maybe I should have taken a
sabbatical and tried to write that novel
I've always fantasized about writing or
like like I hadn't done enough to break
up my rhythms was sort of the like the
mental diagnosis
the other feeling is like the that
experience of moving through a dream
in a dream scenario where where you're
running either from something or towards
something but you're it's like you're
running in slow motion and you can't
make yourself run faster I don't know if
you've never had a dream like that but
it was
it was that feeling more and more
you know not a present feeling but like
a slow burn in the back of my
the anxiety My Endless well of anxiety
was that that kind of weighed on me so
that was a symptom it's just feeling
kind of bound
um anxiety was a big symptom and then a
lot of just exhaustion
I pushed my organization hard it's a
hard space that we that we do our
business in there hasn't been a lot of
Technology Innovation in it for a lot of
sort of entrenched reasons
and we had endured through a lot of
those things and gotten the company to a
pretty kind of good level
but you looked around I think everybody
was sort of bleary-eyed and exhausted
and if I was
really honest that exhaustion stemmed
from a lot of the way I moved through
the world and through the company yeah
so kind of what you're describing there
is you know at 1.0 you could see it
fractally distributed throughout your
organization your your avoided stress
and you knew it was there everyone else
knew it was there you had this belief
that maybe others didn't see it and if
they saw it something bad would happen
and it was better just to keep it hidden
and pretend it wasn't there
and as a result one of the symptoms of
this is that you kept feeling like
you're just in this morass as you're
moving forward and the thing the winds
that you have just feel like they come
too easy and then everything else just
feels hard is it something like that
something like that the winds came with
light felt sweeter they didn't come easy
but I was addressing a lot of like
surface level imposter syndrome stuff
because there were essentially three of
us then five of us and yeah about a 10
of us building it so I felt I felt the
wonderful dopamine hit of our successes
but
they came at the cost of a lot of
exhaustion
and there was a sense that like in that
hamster wheel that you're in in an early
stage startup like every rev of the
wheel you felt took the equivalent
amount of energy there was no sort of
force multiplier escape velocity where
things just really started to spit and
yeah someone that had to do especially
you're an early scene startup but a lot
of it felt like it had to deal with
with some of the 1.0 Tendencies yeah
yeah okay so so let's get into to how
this transition started to occur and how
you started to to allow yourself to see
and feel what was going on inside you
and starting with this moment with Joe
tell me a little bit about that what you
might have expected to feel if somebody
told you something so direct and you
know truthy in front of your entire team
and what you ended up actually feeling
yeah we could call that truthy I would
say that was just some [__] cold hard
[__] raw form truth served up in my
face and
so uh I think the
listen you described that incident to
anybody I've told this story of people
like not doing kind of any of the like
inner work and they're just like they're
just like
I had like I throw them into trauma you
know they're just like what you know
like let's do the CEO like those are
your execs you know like that [__]
narrative right
remembering to that time it would have
been I would have expected to feel
defensive
uh to feel
um you know enraged
um offended
hurt
and frankly to have called it you know
just like all right thank you
facilitator that we've hired go [__]
yourself
and uh we're gonna we'll take it from
here right that's kind of like the
textbook
whatever version of that experience
but the release was and this was really
the start of I think
connecting like mind to somatic response
which it took me so many reps to really
get
or feel
the reality was to the word you used
when I'm in the presence of Truth
my entire system
just feels an intense like ease
and almost to the level of uh like a
body high
or like a tantric [__] extended
orgasm
of uh like
and it's funny that I remembered almost
verbatim because I think every word in
what he said
had such a like resonance
not just to me but to that room of
people to that community of people that
come together to fight their asses off
to make life a thing
and it was all from Love
it was literally love and what had been
holding you back from recognizing this
truth I mean the moment he said it you
already knew it was true it resonated in
your system and what had blocked you
from
from allowing this truth in that you
already had known prior to somebody
saying it from an early age
um my sort of traumatic Early Childhood
experiences taught me that to feel
emotion
meant to and certainly to express it
meant
um Anything could happen and that I
would be physically you know in danger
and so I think that cycle of like
avoiding those types of
avoiding that kind of early detection
system or that that dashboard that we we
all carry there's more of a muscle
memory
I think going all the way back and then
like I said there was again always this
notion of a tightrope and of
running uh across it and trying to get
away from a past that
you know was less than ideal and
ignore the risks and pitfalls
that live beneath and instead just
trying to get to something where that's
all that all goes away which is a very
and you think about it's very childish
kind of
conception of the world and it's like
life
uh but I don't think it's an uncommon
one
the only other thing I would add to what
I said earlier is that I do think that
there is
um a lineage uh a historical lineage
that feels familiar to me
you know a lot of like my father's
family
uh came from Eastern Texas
uh in the time of the Great Migration
and we never really talked about it
frankly as a family but
uh at my father was African-American and
and we were
all coming out of the south at a time
when
racial terrorism was
if not legal then
um you know the law looked the other way
on and so there's that feeling when I
talk about sort of sprinting across the
the tightrope there was also a feeling
um that I think I learned in childhood
around
just working your ass off to get to a
better place than
uh the folks before you that you stood
on their shoulders to do that and that
meant
um in some cases subjugating your
emotions
um and looking normal showing up
whatever normal is Right looking normal
showing up normal and achieving I think
all those things were factors in
how I would have expected to sort of
show up and and why it was so surprising
that I didn't so let's get a little bit
more deep into this into this moment
when when this truth hit you and it
landed in your system in a different way
than you expected it felt like some form
of relief I'm hearing that there was a
like a gratitude for recognizing
this this truth and also it was very
activating for you how did that moment
continue in the room just continue that
story I wish I could like do a
reenactment of the moment because uh I
was talking to Crystal my chief of staff
who is also deep into this work and um
and sort of a comrade in all of it
um and I remember her saying I think it
was for like her second week
at the company and I remember her the
her description of was just like
like what the [__] just happened
[Music]
um
but it also became a permissioning
because
honestly I it wasn't even like I took it
in the chin and I just kept marching
through and I showed the team they could
battle this out it was not that at all
it was more like
it cracked me open and what flowed out
of that was a deeper state of
vulnerability that I think then allowed
the team
to show up and go deeper in their own
vulnerability and I think getting a
couple levels down into the work
in community right Executives that are
working 12 15 16 17 hour days together
it meant that everybody could go it was
sort of a self-fulfilling prophecy like
I'm going deeper so you're going deeper
you're going deeper so I'm going deeper
and the deeper we go
um the more benefit we get from the work
yeah I can imagine that everybody
everybody in the room who saw this
moment with you also felt a similar
moment the similar truth in them yeah
and in in their role in the company and
also in their lives and in their avoided
emotions and their stress totally I it's
one of the the great things I was
reminded of with the AOA Hot Seat taste
I loved those because it reminded me of
the early work with the l12 where we
were all still kind of strangers to each
other
but I took so much from the stories of
strangers
who are in the work and doing doing the
you know talking about things at the at
the level that I'm thinking about them
in this moment I mean this this started
like a a daisy chain of moments that are
all I mean humor for me is sometimes
humor for me is a great tactic for
avoiding
um but for me humor is really in truth
it's a way to experience I think this
work at an even deeper level and to
experience the love around this work at
a deeper level
and so they set off like a daisy chain
of
of moments of incredible failure
by lights Fearless founder and CEO like
incredible moments that have continued
now for 18 months I remember we were
doing uh work there's a an assessment
called the Harrison assessment which is
really about charting kind of
sort of qualitative
attributes but in the form of a paradox
graph so the y-axis might be my ability
to achieve and the x-axis might be my
ability to manage stress
uh and uh if I'm in the top left
quadrant I'm a really high achiever
who's really bad at managing stress
which is where I still happen to be I'm
just working work trying to Edge my way
to the right top right quadrant right
where I can do both well
anyway we're doing this work as
Executives and
uh it wasn't getting to where I wanted
to go fast enough and I couldn't figure
out why and so we ended up doing a group
session
and this is almost it's almost exactly a
year after this moment and
um
I had Joe come on and facilitate and
what we realized is that we weren't
getting anywhere because I didn't
understand how to do the process myself
so we ended up taking the three hours
that we had allotted for all executives
to for me to actively figure out how to
[__] make this thing work for me for
three hours now make what thing work
make this tool this Harrison tool okay
really work for
what the outcome which was
more team cohesion understanding each
other's Tendencies understanding how
he's reflected against rv2 we use the V2
modem processor like to manage
prioritization you know with the
ultimate outcome that we're all sort of
aligned and we're all chasing the right
things with the right prioritization
now this would have been a mortifying
discovery for me
you know greater than 12 months ago to
realize that I was the problem in the
room
but now Tom Watson it actually became a
super intense moment where my team got
to watch me fail over and over and over
again for three hours until I had that
breakthrough
and there's no way I can simulate that
for them there's no way that they're
going to get it better than to watch me
struggle and find the thing whatever the
thing is right in front of their eyes
and so this moment when he called the
anxiety for me
I didn't know it at the time it just
triggered a different kind of
I guess leadership style it was a little
bit more like I'm gonna go jump into
that pit over there guys I'm pretty sure
it's filled with snakes I'm pretty sure
I'm gonna get my ass handed to me it's
gonna be at least funny possibly
dangerous
but if I live
come with me
that sounds like a contrast to walking
through a dark Jungle full of snakes
with no flashlights and lanterns and
saying don't worry guys there's no
snakes here just come along
that's the perfect foil uh which
Exposition I think it's uh yeah look one
I can do really well what I can do
authentically one is authentically me
the other one like nobody believed there
were no snakes in the [__] jungle
they never believed him
um and they became burnt out by it some
of them left like you know someone said
go [__] yourself I'm not walking into
that jungle I know there are snakes so
tell me more about how
how things have shifted since then
you've you've mentioned now this
Harrison assessment moment which was
about a year after that that moment with
Joe in the workshop and how else does
this show up in the in the day to day
if I described a little bit more about
ant 2.0
I show up with questions more often than
I show up with
declarations I mean Wonder a lot more
the questions are um
yeah they're so so important like you
wake up with a to-do list
versus you wake up and say
what does the universe need me to see
today or like what am I curious about
today
those are two very different days
same [__] Could Happen very different
days in terms of how I show up how does
anxiety move through your system now I
developed some hacks since then
typically like
this may or may not come be intuitive
but like now I know that if I'm feeling
anxiety
many experiments on from this first one
right that it typically means I'm not
I haven't articulated something I need
either like a boundary hasn't been set
or
um I'm I'm in that state of like
managing people or I feel like oh I've
got a I've gotta go do something to
bring something out of this person or
protect them from something and
therefore I need to not talk about the
things that I or the organization need
so that I can make sure they're okay
um which Jesus Christ does that ever
work out like does that ever does anyone
have any case studies of that working
out like twice like it seems to work out
in teaching us new ways to to do it
differently
yeah that's right it's successful for
them in that respect but then
but yeah so so now when I feel the
anxiety I feel the anxiety I name it
um there's another person on my
executive team Lawrence prayer LP he's
also dive deep in this work for him uh
he has a hack where
he tries to think about anxiety as
excitement
just that just that slight mental model
shift for him
is a real shift in like the
the residents of what he's dealing with
that had been a big shift for me as well
in Air Sports and base jumping which was
when we had
you know fear and anxiety and at an exit
Point somebody once told me and this was
a big shift for me like the other side
of the other side of the coin of fear is
excitement
yeah and it reminds me of a tool that
has come up through this work and I
don't know where it came from uh but
there's I think there's even some
studies on this but if you're feeling
anxiety you could just jump up and down
screaming I'm excited I'm excited I'm
excited and it'll actually transform the
experience from anxiety to excitement
and then
you have just the energy to go draw the
boundary or
or take the responsibility that you're
ready to take but you're feeling anxious
about or yeah yeah I think that's
totally right by the way I love that
your example is base jumping and mine's
like
the data portion of my staff meeting I
mean it's it's all emotional base
jumping
it's one of the things I like to
describe this work as to a lot of my
friends so yeah it's emotional base
jumping it's scared me more than
actually jumping off of cliffs on many
occasions yeah for sure so the anxiety
piece I like his I like LP sack a lot
um my hack is is to name it
um to my team
and then to find the need another part
of my my two point x is um
I started doing a simple thing like I
want to be surrounded by people who make
me stronger that was a weird one that
like came out on another podcast I was
doing uh
in uh remembrance of the murder of
George Floyd I did for 12 months on the
last month I was talking to uh takedra
mehokana uh and I said something about
how we want to take a look at the board
and I said that um yeah my criteria is
like who makes me stronger
and
um that has been an incredible
um breakthrough for me
the work I do with with Crystal my chief
of staff with Caitlin Marie with my
executive team LPI mentioned
um
Wendy and others is really like inviting
them into this work because I think as
we do it in the community we do it at a
deeper level we do it we make each other
stronger so that's been another piece of
just like prioritizing my needs in that
way another thing that's been kind of a
fun one is I love the I love no I love
no so much
that I have a no Doctrine oh what's a no
Doctrine it's still under development
but I've um it's been in place at light
uh for I don't know six months
I was discovering that people
people are prone to platitudes and
that there's a lot of like sentences
that go something like this
I totally agree
with that comment you made about bass
jumping and this being emotional bass
jumping and like I really see how
how it is super scary like you're
standing on this
this
on Earth and then you're jumping off
Earth and
then there's like a DOT and then they
say but
I actually think it's more like
skydiving so I've seen this and like
this is [__] exhausting like I want
what's after the butt because it was
after the butt is a no and inside of
that no is a deeper truth
a more robust product solution a better
response to this client
a strategy
and you're just not saying that because
you're I don't know you but I know that
like there's some emotional story that
you're in that makes you think I need to
hear a bunch of platitudes before we get
to the middle so when we think about no
as like an enabler
not something to be overcome but
something to actually point us
collectively in a group of people at
something closer to the truth that we
that we started with
that might to me an organization
this is a little strong but I think an
organization might be
the sum total of its no and its speed to
nose its individual knows and its
ability to say to get to those nodes
quickly and explore them when we collide
with each other like when Joe Saddles up
next to me
and the result of it is the comment he
made to me that's Collision that
Collision
unlocks a lot of energy that can be can
take the organization to another level
so I've Loved now I introduced it the no
Doctrine as we lead with our nose we
just flip it you can do all the plateaus
that you need to do to make yourself
feel good on your emotional Journey fine
but just lead with the nose
and then I permission that nose aren't
anything we try to overcome they're not
anything we try to
um sort of break down they don't even
necessarily mean that everything has to
stop we just we're gonna get to the nose
as fast as possible and then we're going
to explore those yeah welcoming to know
welcoming Lino how has that impacted
your ability to say no and what's in
there for you on
on how you communicate yeah where I
struggle
um still is
um I get into this thing of managing
people and it's really connected to my
childhood I feel like I can't say no
feeling like I can't something I'm gonna
say is going to be misperceived and I'm
going to lose connection with the person
that I'm talking to
that's a big one for me
yep presuming I don't want to lose
connection with other people if I don't
mind losing connection with you all day
so for me the practice of the no
Doctrine is um exactly that like if I
can start with those then I've already
set myself up I've already knocked out
50 of my
proclivity to try to manage your
experience of what I'm saying
uh
that's what I still I'm still working at
I would like to get back to the to that
experience of stress within you and so
you described a lot of the the 2.0 ants
being different from the 1.0 symptoms
that you were experiencing and I'm still
curious about this somatic experience of
when stress arises now how is it
different from when stress arose before
when you were more dissociative so of
course I still feel stress
but I guess the point is
um I feel
the stress
like you know then work out four times
in a day
and then
rip out reactive emails to people
and then you know all the things that we
do and are crazy ass stress times
um so I feel it
and typically behind the feeling of the
stress
is a an emotional feeling that we're
familiar with maybe it's sadness
maybe it's
anger
or resentment
maybe it's like old [__] [__] that when
you actually sit with it you're like
whoa whoa whoa whoa
you're not eight years old
so like what's coming up like you're
good you're here you made it
so let me sit with that and love on that
and let that kind of move
I always say move through me and I don't
mean it like that it's more like I had
to fi I had to um let someone go
and um I've called Joe right after
and I said I'm feeling super stressed
super anxious and like
my life's gonna end
what the [__] and he said sit down for a
second
close your eyes
what comes up
and it was old stuff
he said all right sit with him
young me
and we had a conversation
and
then I basically turn the [__] off go
outside and play
and at that moment
it was like at a cellular level it felt
like
bad stress had melted into fear Terror
had melted into
just release
and then the joy came in and it was like
an intense body high
and I could almost feel my body like in
that like energy release moment not like
a sigh like something had collided and
now the energy was was flowing back out
of me ready to be creative writing adult
connection ready for the next thing
that to me is what sits behind the
stress now every time that I that it
comes up and of course I don't not that
in a thousand but the on base percentage
is getting better
and at the bottom of that well every
time
is a truth an energy release then
becomes creative and constructive yeah
so what I what I hear you describing
there is that before the shift
the stress felt like something that was
just going to get in the way and then
after having a couple of really big
release valves open up you started to
build this the trust this faith that
behind the stress comes energy
creativity Joy
and stress comes in all different
types of flavors and somatic feelings
and some of them are still stuck from
our childhood experience our other life
experience and
we can start to develop a meta awareness
of okay buenos stress comes up
feeling it
transmuted into something else
and
what it sounds like you just described
is that you started to feel more alive
than ant 1.0 in these moments when the
stress came up it's exactly More Alive
yeah yeah that's
beautiful and thank you so much Aunt for
joining us and telling your story I
resonate a lot with everything you said
and it was it was really a challenge for
me to keep this podcast about you
because I kept wanting to be like wow
there was this there's this way that
that resonates in me and uh I'd love to
do another one sometime I remember that
time Joe came into my team meeting and
told everybody I was a stress ball
because he's a [__]
maybe maybe we should just close this
episode with one [__] you Joe Hudson
let's do it let's do it all right three
two one [__] you [__] you Joe Hudson
thanks for listening to the art of
accomplishment if you enjoyed what you
heard today please subscribe and rate US
on your podcast app we'd love your
feedback so feel free to send us
questions or comments you can reach out
to us join our newsletter or check out
our courses at Art of accomplishment.com
[Music]